Proposal
================

## P8105 Final Project: Drug Use Abuse Among Youth

### Group Member

Xueqing Huang  
Kaiyu He  
Yongzi Yu  
Ruiqi Yan (ry2417)  

### Motivation

### Intended Final Products

Firstly, the project will work on the findings on the state level,
showing the distribution of overall youth drug use on each state, as
well as the trends of youth drug use rate among races, gender, and age
on each state. We would like to find states with high incidence of youth
drug use and races that have disproportional high rate of youth drug
use. Moreover, we are interested in the average age of initial marijuana
use and the rate of initial marijuana use before age 13 of each race and
gender group and see how it differ among states.  
Second endpoint of the project is exploring the association between
youth drug use and other health risk behaviors. We are concerned about
whether higher frequency of drug use is correlate with higher rate of
risky behaviors, such as driving after drinking, cell phone use while
driving, wearing seat belt when riding, carrying weapon and physical
fighting, or behaviors with potential health risk, such as early age
sexual experience, suicide attempt, tobacco use, alcohol abuse, physical
inactivity, underweight/overweight, video game addiction and suicide
attempt.  
Finally, we are focus on difference between marijuana use and other
drugs use. Whether there is a significant risk behavior difference
between teenagers who use marijuana and those who use other drugs. We
plan to show most of the results using tables and data visualization and
a dashboard which displaying some interactive plots about our results.  

### Anticipated data sources

### Planned Analyses, Visualizations and Coding Challenges

### Planned timeline
